README.md, before:

# enpls

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/road2stat/enpls.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/road2stat/enpls)
[![CRAN Version](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/enpls)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=enpls)
[![Downloads from the RStudio CRAN mirror](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/enpls)](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/enpls)

`enpls` offers an algorithmic framework for measuring feature importance, outlier detection, and ensemble modeling based on (sparse) partial least squares regressions.

## Installation

Install `enpls` from CRAN:

```r
install.packages("enpls")
```

Or try the development version on GitHub:

```r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("road2stat/enpls")
```

To load the package in R, simply use

```r
library("enpls")
```

and you are all set. See [the vignette](http://enpls.org/doc/) (or open with `vignette("enpls")` in R) for a quick-start guide.

## Links

* Project website: [http://enpls.org](http://enpls.org)
* CRAN: [https://cran.r-project.org/package=enpls](https://cran.r-project.org/package=enpls)
* GitHub: [https://github.com/road2stat/enpls](https://github.com/road2stat/enpls)

Commit message:

add model app domain evaluation

README.md, after:

# enpls

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/road2stat/enpls.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/road2stat/enpls)
[![CRAN Version](http://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/enpls)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=enpls)
[![Downloads from the RStudio CRAN mirror](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/enpls)](http://cranlogs.r-pkg.org/badges/enpls)

`enpls` offers an algorithmic framework for measuring feature importance, outlier detection, model applicability domain evaluation, and ensemble predictive modeling with (sparse) partial least squares regressions.

## Installation

Install `enpls` from CRAN:

```r
install.packages("enpls")
```

Or try the development version on GitHub:

```r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("road2stat/enpls")
```

To load the package in R, simply use

```r
library("enpls")
```

and you are all set. See [the vignette](http://enpls.org/doc/) (or open with `vignette("enpls")` in R) for a quick-start guide.

## Links

* Project website: [http://enpls.org](http://enpls.org)
* CRAN: [https://cran.r-project.org/package=enpls](https://cran.r-project.org/package=enpls)
* GitHub: [https://github.com/road2stat/enpls](https://github.com/road2stat/enpls)
